---
title: Jekyll Garden Features
---

This theme is a fork of <a href="https://github.com/raghuveerdotnet/simply-jekyll">the Simply Jekyll theme </a>,  which I used for around six months before building this one. Most of the core features, like feed, wiki-links becoming hyperlinks, backlinks, etc., are slightly modified versions of the Simple Jekyll theme. I have tried not to break features from the theme, but I am not sure as I don't use many of them. <a href="https://simply-jekyll.netlify.app/posts/explore">Check Simply Jekyll features here.</a>

### Note feed
Jekyll garden comes with a feed-like display of all notes. There is a frontmatter value called `notetype` using which you can decide if notes need to be displayed or not on the feed. Use `notetype:feed` to show, and `notetype:unfeed`. Read more at  [[The story of a hidden note]]
 
### Feed as Homepage
The current configuration of this theme contains a homepage, and feed is generated at /notes. You can make the feed homepage by modifying `homepage: enabled` to `false` in _config.yml.

### Content Files
To modify homepage content, edit `_includes/Homepage.html`. Similarly, to edit feed intro, make changes at `_includes/FeedContent.html`. To modify the navigation part, edit `_includes/Header.html`

### Limitations : Tags
This theme doesn't support #tags inside the story. Tags using frontend YAML is possible, but it will be a single file index as auto-generating pages per Tag is complex using Github pages. (I might add this in the next version, if I can crack how to, and if there is a demand) 

###  Limitations : Images
Jekyll doesn't render images or attachments inside collection folders, and it suggests `/assets/img/` to accommodate all images. You can make the entire GitHub repo your Obsidian vault, but I felt it cluttered to see code along with my notes. My notes have significantly fewer images, and hence, for now, I manually paste images to assets and copy relative URLs to Obsidian. (but I am not sure if it's the best way)